Update system-exploration directory (#9)
security-summer-school/essentials-security: chapters/scratch-linux/system-exploration/drills/tasks/surgical-precision/README.md

# Surgical Precision

There are many false flags out there.
Answer the questions and find the **real** flags.
The quizzes cover subjects discussed today and during the previous session.
Think of them as a recap.

> The answer to each of the riddles in the files `question-*` from the `activities/surgical-precision/public` is the name of one of the given files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The answer to each of the riddles in the files `question-*` from the `drills/tasks/surgical-precision/support` is the name of one of the given files.
```
